docs: remove deprecated things from glossary (#4300)
docker/cli: docs/reference/glossary.md

![services diagram](https://docs.docker.com/engine/swarm/images/services-diagram.png)

## Union file system

Union file systems implement a [union mount](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Union_mount) and operate by creating
layers. Docker uses union file systems in conjunction with
[copy-on-write](#copy-on-write) techniques to provide the building blocks for
containers, making them very lightweight and fast.

> For more on Docker and union file systems, see [Docker and OverlayFS in practice](https://docs.docker.com/engine/userguide/storagedriver/overlayfs-driver/),
> and [Docker and Btrfs in practice](https://docs.docker.com/engine/userguide/storagedriver/btrfs-driver/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more on Docker and union file systems, see [OverlayFS storage driver](https://docs.docker.com/storage/storagedriver/overlayfs-driver/),
and [Btrfs storage driver](https://docs.docker.com/storage/storagedriver/btrfs-driver/).
```

Author: Heh I noticed those, but was lazy; updated 👍
